c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\bin\Debug\UCNDemo.dll.config
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\bin\Debug\UCNDemo.dll
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\bin\Debug\UCNDemo.pdb
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Binding.dll
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Core.dll
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Localization.dll
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Platform.dll
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\obj\Debug\UCNDemo.csproj.App.config
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\obj\Debug\UCNDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\obj\Debug\UCNDemo.dll
c:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\obj\Debug\UCNDemo.pdb
C:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\obj\Debug\UCNDemo.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\bin\Debug\UCNDemo.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\obj\Debug\UCNDemo.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mk88\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\UCNDemo\bin\Debug\UCNDemo.dll.mdb
